{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 TOY BOX JAM\
-----------------------------------------------\

\fs24 \

\fs28 Well if you're here, you're a fan of Max Tojoby, missing since 1987. He grew up in Wisconsin, later getting a JOB in MAYO, TX. He later returned to make games in Madison, WI, where he went to college. He visited a computer shop in Milwaukee, then was never seen again.\
\
He left a legacy of great games throughout the years, most notably MY JAXBOOT on the Apple ][, TOXYMA.OBJ on the early PC, and AX-JOY TOMB on the 1987 Pico-8 console.\
\
His disappearance was certainly a mystery, a cold case never solved. \
\
In his honor, this year in the month of his disappearance anniversary, developers from around the world will get together for a "TOY BOX JAM" and make games out of the assets he left behind for his unfinished TOY BOX Pico-8 game. Some may even try to make heads or tails of the other strange files he left behind on that solitary disk.  Maybe someone will unearth a clue to where he went, 32 years ago...\
\

\fs36 THE FILES FOR "TOY BOX JAM" PARTICIPANTS\
-----------------------------------------------\

\fs28 You will find these files to use:\
START CART. This is the assets-only file that Max Tojoby left.\
\
DEMO CART. Intrepid developers have figured out the uses of some of the START CART's assets, and have made a DEMO CART to show them off. The code is meant to show how they are used very clearly, and not meant to be great code. Jammers can use any of it if they wish though.\
\
ASSET LIST. Max had left a file of ideas, and this has been organized into the current asset list -- some assets at the end seem to be missing?\
\
REPORT. This is the missing persons report filed at Max's disappearance.  Maybe some detail was missed.\
\
ARTICLE. This article from "Teen Dev Magazine" is a fluff article with some dumb questions. Included for interest.\
\
MAXEYESONLY.ZIP. A password protected zip file. No one knows the password sadly.\
\
RANDOMJUNK.ZIP. Another password protected zip file.\
\
CRYPTOGRAM. This showed up to one of the gam jammers just before TOY BOX JAM. No one has solved it yet. Not sure if it related.\
\
POEM. This was found in an envelope taped under his desk. It's, well, not a very good poem.\
\
Best of luck to all the TOY BOY JAM participants. May Max's work live on.}